# The Sakura no Uta Community Challenge (#SUCC)

Everyone translates 1000 lines of Sakura no Uta. We will bring this game to the English-speaking world through the power of FRIENDSHIP.

**Warning**: Many files in this repo including `translate.py` contain spoilers.

Sakura no Uta has approximately 63198 lines.

Participants (notes in parens):

1. @gambsVNs
2. @kimikalover53
3. @Hayashishintoku
4. @3dmakai (pica pica)
5. @superange128 (H-scenes)
6. @kayi___
7. u/VisualNovelInfoHata
8. u/jordanwu (something near the beginning)
9. u/Houkaishitaikigai (hasn't read it before)
10. @ChigBungus69
11. u/Jun209 (andoe or V)
12. @TheChuee (something to do with Ai + Marchen)
13. Candle Kun
14. 

# What you need to do:

Open `translation.csv` in some spreadsheet software, locate your 1000 lines, and put your English translation into the second column.

When you are done with your translation, send your `translation.csv` file to gambs, and it will be integrated into this repository.

# What is in this repo

`raw_scripts`: Encrypted/packaged script files directly from the game

`txt_scripts_en`: English scripts in plaintext form generated by applying `translate.py` to the CSV file

`txt_scripts_jp`: Japanese scripts in plaintext form

`useful_stuff/UserData`: A 100% completed game with save files in strategic points (at the beginning of Frühlingsbeginn, each route's Abend, and each character route)
``

`ScriptEncoder.exe`: Combines a plaintext English script with a raw script in order to produce an encrypted/packaged English script that the game can read

`translate.py`: Makes empty CSV files and reads a CSV file to produce English scripts in plaintext form

`translation.csv`: Big spreadsheet for translating
